In the healthcare business, predicting health insurance premiums using machine learning (ML) algorithms is still a subject that has to be investigated and improved.  individuals’ health data to forecast their insurance premiums. To assess and evaluate the performance of various algorithms, regression was utilised. 
The dataset was used to train the models, and the results of that training were utilised to make predictions. The model was then tested and verified by comparing the anticipated quantity to the actual data. The accuracy of these models was later compared. 
Multiple linear regression and gradient boosting algorithms outperformed linear regression and decision trees, according to the findings. 
Gradient boosting was suitable in this scenario since it required far less computing time to attain the same performance measure, although its performance was equivalent to that of multiple regression.In the life insurance sector, risk assessment is critical for classifying applicants.
Companies utilise screening methodology to produce application decisions and determine the pricing of insurance products. The vetting process may be computerised to speed up applications or programs thanks to the expansion of data and advances in business intelligence. The goal of the study in  was to find ways to use predictive analytics to improve risk assessment for life insurance companies. 
The research was conducted using a real-world dataset with over a hundred characteristics (anonymised). Dimensionality reduction was performed to choose salient features that could increase the models’ prediction potential.Premiums are determined by health insurance companies’ private statistical procedures and complicated models, which are kept concealed from the public.
The goal of this study  is to see if machine learning algorithms can be used to anticipate the pricing of yearly health insurance premiums on the basis of contract parameters and business characteristics. The goal of this readme  is to use a strong machine learning model to estimate the future medical costs of patients on the basis of specific parameters.
Using the simulation results, the elements that influence individuals’ medical expenditures were determined.
